docs: add a consolidated table of reserved `_meta` keys (#3085)
modelcontextprotocol/modelcontextprotocol: docs/specification/draft/basic/index.mdx

- Unless empty, MUST begin and end with an alphanumeric character (`[a-z0-9A-Z]`).
- MAY contain hyphens (`-`), underscores (`_`), dots (`.`), and alphanumerics in between.

**Reserved keys:**

> The following `_meta` keys are currently reserved by this specification:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following `_meta` keys are reserved by this specification:
```

| Key                                          | Description                                                 | Defined in                                                         |
| -------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------ |

> | `io.modelcontextprotocol/protocolVersion`    | Protocol version for a request                              | Per-request protocol fields (below)                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `progressToken`                              | Opts the request into progress notifications                | [Progress](/specification/draft/basic/patterns/progress)           |
| `io.modelcontextprotocol/protocolVersion`    | Protocol version for a request                              | Per-request protocol fields (below)                                |
```

| `io.modelcontextprotocol/clientInfo`         | Client name and version                                     | Per-request protocol fields (below)                                |
| `io.modelcontextprotocol/clientCapabilities` | Client capabilities relevant to a request                   | Per-request protocol fields (below)                                |
| `io.modelcontextprotocol/logLevel`           | Minimum log level the server should emit for a request      | [Logging](/specification/draft/server/utilities/logging)           |
| `io.modelcontextprotocol/subscriptionId`     | Correlates a notification with its originating subscription | [Subscriptions](/specification/draft/basic/patterns/subscriptions) |
| `traceparent`, `tracestate`, `baggage`       | OpenTelemetry trace context propagation                     | OpenTelemetry trace context (below)                                |

> [Extensions](/specification/draft/basic/versioning#extension-negotiation) may

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Official [extensions](/specification/draft/basic/versioning#extension-negotiation)
```

> define additional `_meta` keys under the reserved prefix; these are specified in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
define additional `_meta` keys under the `io.modelcontextprotocol/` prefix, and
```

> each extension's documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
third-party extensions use their own vendor prefix.
In both cases the keys are specified in the extension's documentation.
```
